#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --strip-extras requirements-core.in
#
a2wsgi==1.10.10
    # via -r requirements-core.in
aiodns==3.5.0
    # via ccxt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   ccxt
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backports-asyncio-runner==1.2.0 ; python_version < "3.11"
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
ccxt==4.5.5
    # via -r requirements-core.in
ccxtpro==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-core.in
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   ccxt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via flask
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   gymnasium
    #   shap
    #   stable-baselines3
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==45.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   ccxt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
fastapi-csrf-protect==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements-core.in
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements-core.in
fonttools==4.59.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
gymnasium==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   stable-baselines3
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
hf-xet==1.1.8
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   openai
    #   python-telegram-bot
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imbalanced-learn==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-csrf-protect
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via -r requirements-core.in
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.45.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via stable-baselines3
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numba==0.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   shap
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   contourpy
    #   gymnasium
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shap
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   statsmodels
    #   ta
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
openai==1.108.1
    # via -r requirements-core.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   shap
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   statsmodels
    #   ta
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pillow==11.3.0
    # via matplotlib
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
polars==1.33.1
    # via -r requirements-core.in
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
pybit==5.11.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
pycares==4.10.0
    # via aiodns
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via pybit
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi-csrf-protect
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via fastapi-csrf-protect
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.4.1
    # via pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-telegram-bot==22.4
    # via -r requirements-core.in
pytorch-lightning==2.5.5
    # via -r requirements-core.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.7.34
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   ccxt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pybit
    #   transformers
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   shap
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-core.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
shap==0.48.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
slicer==0.0.8
    # via shap
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
stable-baselines3==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
starlette==0.47.2
    # via fastapi-csrf-protect
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via -r requirements-core.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
ta==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements-core.in
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via pytest
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.8.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   shap
    #   transformers
transformers==4.56.2
    # via -r requirements-core.in
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   a2wsgi
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   ccxt
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   gymnasium
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   shap
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via pybit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements-core.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ccxt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
